Okay, so the quiz is asking us to calculate the node importance of node two.
So it's quite similar to what we did up here.
We're going to get the weighted number of
samples for node two times the impurity of node two,
and then compare that to the impurities of its children.
We're getting node samples.
So its left child is node three,
and its right child is node four.
So we get the node samples.
So the importance of node two is 25.
Okay, and just a reminder,
the other node are leaf nodes,
so there's no decrease in impurity that we can calculate.
So sum up the node importances.
So that's just the importance of node zero plus the importance of node two.
So that's the total of the node importances.
Great, so please continue on with the lesson to
learn about calculating the importances of the features. Thanks.